Shortly after you start the course, Udemy will ask you for a course review.
The rating represents the entire course and not just a lecture, so reviews are very important to me
and other students as well, because that would also give other students the confidence to enroll in
this course and learn as you are doing right now.
So I would love to get a rating and a review from you, of course, but only when you're ready.
So do not read this course until you are ready to do so.
You can dismiss by clicking Ask Me Later, which then it will ask you in a half an hour or so.
So we are going to start with the fundamentals in this course, but feel free to skip the lectures if
you already know the material or if you just want to skim through.
You also are free to do so.
Okay, thank you.
And I'll see you in the next video.